Refactor(eos_designs)!: Changed the default behavior of underlay_ospf_graceful_restart to true (#5914)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/6.x.x.md

| `underlay_mutlticast` | `underlay_mutlticast_pim_sm` or `<node_type_key>.defaults.underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` or `<node_type_key>.node_groups[].underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` or `<node_type_key>.node_groups[].nodes[].underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` or `<node_type_key>.nodes[].underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` |
| `underlay_ospf_authentication.message_digest_keys[].key` | `underlay_ospf_authentication.message_digest_keys[].cleartext_key` |

> ### Default behavior change for `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OSPF Graceful Restart is now enable by default in the underlay
```

In AVD 5.x, the default value of `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart` was `false`.

Starting with AVD 6.0.0, the default value of  `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart` has been changed to `true`.

To retain the previous behavior, the following change is required:

```diff

> + underlay_ospf_graceful_restart: false

Reviewer: this is missing some ``` but cannot do it from Github UI :)

Author: updated

| `underlay_mutlticast` | `underlay_mutlticast_pim_sm` or `<node_type_key>.defaults.underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` or `<node_type_key>.node_groups[].underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` or `<node_type_key>.node_groups[].nodes[].underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` or `<node_type_key>.nodes[].underlay_multicast.pim_sm.enabled` |
| `underlay_ospf_authentication.message_digest_keys[].key` | `underlay_ospf_authentication.message_digest_keys[].cleartext_key` |

### Change of default behavior for OSPF graceful restart for `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart`

In AVD 5.X.X, OSPF graceful restart set by `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart` was false by default.

As of AVD 6.0.0, `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart` default value change to true.

To retain the previous behavior, the following change is required:

```diff
+ underlay_ospf_graceful_restart: false
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Default behavior change for `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart`

In AVD 5.x, the default value of `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart` was `false`.

Starting with AVD 6.0.0, the default value of  `underlay_ospf_graceful_restart` has been changed to `true`.

To retain the previous behavior, the following change is required:

```diff
+ underlay_ospf_graceful_restart: false
```

```
